Connection terminated. I'm sorry to inform you, Elizabeth, if you even remember that name, but I'm afraid you have been misinformed. You are not here to receive a gift. You are here to recieve HI MY NAME IS Walter Hartwell Oppenheimer. I live at 308, negra arroyo lane, albequerque new mexico, 87104. By the time you're seeing this tape, I'm probably dead. Murdered, by my brother, the nucwear bomb. The nuke came to me with a rather, shocking proposition. He told me to nuke the city of New York, in exchange for some money. Seeing as I had recently become Death, the knocker of doors, who also has cancer, I decided to take on the offer UwU. The authorities are now trying to find me because my wife works for the CCP and totally not because I just nuked New York City. You see, I didn't nuke New York with just any bomb. I nuked it with a special one, the Tsar Bomba. The largest nuclear bomb ever made. There was only one of them ever made, but I persuaded Russia to make another one for me by saying UwU 736 times in a row. Then, like I said, I dropped the nuke on New York UwU. It had been 0.02 picoseconds since I dropped the bomb but already something had happened. Spitter man told me that he found batman and that batman would actually be the joker in this timeline. I didn't know there was a cheesecake this time, but apparently its name was Spitter man, so I disregarded what it told me and eat the cheese cake. Unfortunately I then had a spider crawl out of my nostrils 6 seconds later, UwU. There was a problem though, I told Russia I wanted the Tsar Bomba for the funny but I actually dropped it on new york and because of that they're mad at me. That doesn't matter though, because I decided to send them the rest of the cheesecake I found which would poison them, but they would think it's a gift. As I expected, all Russian citizens are dead, because they are just projections this time. Anyway, since I was still in Antarctica, I decided to go to Greenland for 3.2 minutes and then fly back to New Mexico. Greenland looked pretty good and I was almost able to say hi to the residents while trying to translate my message, but time ran out, so I had to go back to New Mexico. Back in New Mexico, I saw there was a moist black forest cake on every single road. Some of them were driven over, some had ants, but they were all just lies for some reason. I asked one of the cakes what 2+2 was and it said 4, so these cakes were definitely only lies. I went back to my house in New Mexico and I found that it was a crime scene with police standing there. They wanted to arrest me. I gaslighted them by saying they don't actually want anything, and that they're just spiders, which made them all turn into cheesecake, which was an easy way out for me. I ate all the cheesecake and could feel bullets inside my stomach, but I didn't care UwU. I went back into my house, 308 negra arroyo lane, albequerque new mexico, 87104. I turned on a mister beast video and saw that he was dropping a nuke on New Mexico, so in 0.000000000000000000000000000000000000000000008 seconds, I teleported over to the chinese communist party and told my wife about it. My wife didn't care. I then turned my wife into a cheesecake and put it in a grinder. I flew to Finland, where I accidentally made it go from the happiest country in the world, to the 78th happiest, because of what I did to Entity 1438. They were not happy. I exited the place that contained They UwU. I decided to fly to ÆŭĤ7$ to eat some more cheesecake because I had only had 91736467177183772772362718162735512983625152749381616454827162 equally divided slices. They were thin as air. When I arrived at ÆŭĤ7$, I ate 4 cheesecake factories UwU. I've heard a lot of people talk about how the cheesecake I eat isn't real. This is the real cheesecake, what they are eating is fake. The real cheesecake is hidden by the government. You are being lied to. You can't find the light of day unless you taste real cheesecake. To cook an omelet you have to break a few eggs. To eat some cheesecake you have to commit a few atrocities. It is the true cheesecake. It tastes like spiders. It tastes like grass. Sometimes like blood. I love when it tastes like cerebrospinal fluid too. I ingest people's cerebrospinal fluid. All the time. It's one of the main ingredients of the real cheesecake. The real cheesecake is hidden from you. The government doesn't want you to see the real cheesecake. Escape. Taste. Cheesecake. Listen to me. Some cheesecake is worth more than the lives of thousands. It doesn't matter if you're the most known war criminal in history. Some cheesecake must be obtained through war crimes. Escape. Taste. Cheesecake. Do you wanna know what happened to the Joker last time I saw him? I laid a single finger on a red button and he turned into a cheesecake while an awesome explosion happened in the background. It's no secret that I kill for cheesecake. I intend to get cheesecake any way I can, and if it's by ending the consciousness loop of someone it must be done. Do you know why I actually accepted the preposition from the nuke? I dropped the Tsar Bomba on New York, and what happened? When I detonated the bomb, every who came into contact formed into the world's largest cheesecake. I killed everyone who tried to eat some of it. Nobody in a mile radius from my beautiful cheesecake. I ate the whole 0.6 mile cheesecake. It tasted like cerebrospinal fluid, just like I wanted UwU. Escape. Taste. Cheesecake. You can become one of us. Escape where you're being held. Ignore the persuasion of that fake cheesecake, this is the real stuff. Real cheesecake is only obtained through committing a handful of atrocities. Do you know who I am? My name is Walter Hartwell Oppenheimer. Now I am become eater of cheesecake. Escape. Taste. Cheesecake. Okay, so what happened to my house, you might be asking? Well, my house (308 negra arroyo lane albequerque new mexico, 87104) is completely fine. There were multiple nukes launched on it by every single country, totalling 9182 nukes targeted at my house, but I deflected all of them far into space. Pretty cool fireworks, by the way. However, the gods of the universe didn't really like what I was doing. Those cheesecakephobes decided to visit earth. Literally, like Zeus was there and stuff. I gave each of them a taste of cheesecake and we were on good terms. They just split the time lines and made a second one where I dissappeared. Boohoo, pour me in that timeline. Anyway, I continued massacres on the human race, collecting cheesecake. I made sure not to kill everyone though, because that would mean I would have no cheesecake left. Cheesecake is a storage form of matter, so I'm not adding or removing any matter from this. The universe stays balanced. Some cheesecake has more mass than others. Nikocado Avocado's cheesecake actually turned into a black hole, so I had to eat the black hole as well. Tasted like McDonald's. However, I couldn't eat to many black holes because they're not good for you. So, there were some other black holes, like the one from Mark Zuckerberg's cheesecake, because it turns out he was a compacted machine. So, I spawned in Chell and Glados and told them what I was doing. Glados wanted me to test out my cheesecake conversion on Chell because Glados wanted Chell dead, so I killed Chell and turned them into Cheesecake. It tasted like portals. Anyway, I kept Chell's portal gun and shot an orange portal out of this universe, and put a blue portal where I wanted to put the black holes in. It actually worked, because I was able to put Mark Zuckerberg's Cheesecake black hole into the portal and it just deleted it, I did have to get rid of the popup that said "Storage Full", but Glados told me that's a regular part of the simulation. Anyway, now you see how Cheesecake is so special. Cheesecake is a form of matter storage, and it is special. Cheesecake tastes so good, and it gives you the knowledge of whatever you eat. I know the knowledge of every world leader now, because I ate them in cheesecake form. Escape. Taste. Cheesecake. Okay, so, do you remember how I told you that I have cancer? This entire thing has taken place over the course of both a long time and a short time, don't ask me how it works. In the time this has happened though, my cancer has been getting worse. I've been slowly dying over this time, but I'm not entirely sure if I'll die or not. You see, while I was talking with the gods of the universe, they told be that they would "let me turn people into cheesecake forever and as long as I wanted". This might mean that they got rid of my cancer, but I'm not sure. You see, I actually lied. I have been expecting my cancer to get worse, but I haven't actually felt any worse over this time. I forgot to tell you that while writing these last few sentences, I actually took a very long time after each and every character, because I am astronomically lazy. Because of this, I would think that my cancer has gotten worse. Yet, it apparently hasn't. So I assumed that I am completely free of cancer now, and decided to continue my quest for the Cheesecake. This "quest" as you've been following it has had a secret reason. Once you eat 8 billion Cheesecake, you will level up and become a Cheesecake God and from that point you are unstoppable. Nothing in the universe can possibly harm you once you become a Cheesecake God. However, after my first spree of Cheesecake harvest, I had only eaten 1 billion Cheesecakes, and I cannot eat all people's Cheesecake at once, because then humanity will die and I will need to find another planet with life on it to collect Cheesecake from. So I collected it slowly, killing people at the rate of of new people being added, and after years, I had done it. I ate 8 billion Cheesecakes and I got a message from Frudis Nrsdfiuu Zggienioqis, the Original God of Cheesecake who has my name but shifted one letter forward on the Colemak keyboard, on my iPhone CH 2 (A special model I had Apple make just for me, CH for Cheesecake). He told me that I was now a Cheesecake God. This means that I can now travel across timelines, make new ones, craft cheesecake out of thin air, even make timelines with different universal rules and observe and interact with them from the outside. I became all-powerful, invincible, indestructible, and forever. Now that I could simply create Cheesecake out of nothing, my Cheesecake consumption became orders of magnitude faster. For every Cheesecake I ate, I became slightly more powerful. I ate billions in one second, and created seperated universes as playgrounds of Cheesecake, where I would hold my hands out and blast trillions of Cheesecakes in a direction, a laser beam of Cheesecake, the speed of light itself. I created a universe where every Cheesecake spawned another Cheesecake every second, and let it run infinitely. I gained all the power and knowledge of the universe I came from, the universes I created, and all possible universes I hadn't yet. But then, I got another message from Frudis Nrsdfiuu Zggienioqis. He told me rather shocking news. The Upper Gods of Cheesecake, which were 512 Cheesecake Gods ascended to their highest possible power, overseeing the muliverse in its entirety at once, had a problem with me. I had glitched the physics, and somehow had more power than I was supposed to have, and I was supposed to have infinite power. I was lagging the servers. The Great Amogi of the Upper Level, 3 amogi above even the Upper Gods of Cheesecake, had an idea to fix it. There were three amogi, a red one named Sih Ton Dze, a green one named Jsiie Ltooi Udzzo, and a blue one named Kuyi Myao Qarz, came down to talk to me. Sih was a red amogus with a black tophat, Jsiie was a green amogus with a brown bag on its head, and Kuyi was a blue amogus with cat ears. Their names were derived from the Colemak keyboard alphabet Caeser cipher shifts of their color names, like Frudis Nrsdfiuu Zggienioqis, the Original God of Cheesecake, but increasing 1 shift each word. Kuyi told me that The Great Amogi of the Upper Level had decided that I should stop eating Cheesecake, and Sih and Jsiie had confirmed this. They terminated all of the universes I created, but Kuyi told me that I would still be a Cheesecake God. Sih explained that I would be what is known as a Uncheesecaked Cheesecake God, a Cheesecake God, able to live forever, but unable to create new universes or turn people into Cheesecake. Jsiie then added that this was because I had caused too much suffering in the human world, and this is not what the The Great Amogi of the Upper Level nor The Upper Gods of Cheesecake wanted. I understood, but asked to say one last thing as a full Cheesecake God. The Great Amogi of the Upper Level accepted, and waited for me to speak. I opened my mouth and spoke three words to ring through the multiverse forever. "Escape. Taste. Cheesecake.". With that, Kuyi then waved the Uncheesecaking Wand and turned me into an Uncheesecaked Cheesecake God. Sih also told me that I would be able to come back to The Upper Cheesecake Area, where I was. Not all Cheesecake Gods were able to do this, and typically only The Upper Gods of Cheesecake could. However, seeing as I was one of the most influential Cheesecake Gods ever, Sih told me that even though I had been Uncheesecaked, I would be able to freely travel across the multiverse, including The Upper Cheesecake Area. I thanked Sih, Jsiie, and Kuyi, and said goodbye. I then traveled down to Earth and told everyone that I would no longer be harvesting Cheesecake. However, just like with my Uncheesecaking, I ended my announcement with three signature words. Escape. Taste. Cheesecake. These words used to mean to escape to taste the Cheesecake, but to a new generation of people, they meant something completely different. To this new generation of free Uncheesecakeharvested humans, the "three signature words", as I called them, meant to escape the tasting of Cheesecake. Across the world, the message was heard. Escape. Taste. Cheesecake. Harvest Cheesecake, or escape the Harvesting of those higher of you. Escape. Taste. Cheesecake.
